doctors foster and smith ships over a
quarter million packages per month these
packages include such diverse items as
Kat nips prescriptions and live exotic
fish and coral through carriers like UPS
Federal Express and the US post office
after an in-depth search doctors foster
and smith selected pro ship shipping
software because of its incredible
transaction speed wide array of carriers
and service offerings as well as their
superior customer support our previous
shipping system was was extremely
difficult to work with every time we did
an upgrade every time we got to make a
change we're going to add a location if
we wanted to add another shipper it was
always a major ordeal to get it done our
coral farm is next door and we had to
have that as a separate shipping
location it took about a year for the
programming to be finished in order to
get that setup and with pearl ship I
think it'd be about 15 minutes are you
guys to do it here we are working
directly with pro ship if we have a
problem we can call them anytime the
support is amazing it's fast they get
back to us so quickly this is what they
do it's it's their business they're not
part of a warehouse management system or
they're not part of this or that they
have contacts with the post office for
FedEx UPS with everybody they know all
the answers so very reassuring to work
with pro shop there are no limitations
in
they came here on site to get a feel for
our business they learned about what we
were trying to do what our goals were
and then they took it from there and
incorporated that and customize the
software so that it's what I met
everything we're trying to do with the
old shipping software we did not have
the ability to rate shop and rate
shopping is one of the big attractions
that approaches offered us we were able
to ship packages at the most efficient
cost and that's I think anybody in this
industry knows shipping costs are a huge
expense to a business our installation
was planned to go in after we were done
shipping for the day we had planned to
be working at it all night however
within two hours we were already
shipping live packages I honestly wasn't
expecting you to do it that's one thing
I was expecting to be here all night
like our other installations the
planning for the installation was
absolutely impeccable it just went
absolutely flawless it was just an
incredible experience the best
installation I've been through in 28
years of doing i.t work they follow
through with everything they said there
was no coming back weeks later oh we
can't really do this you know everything
that you said was going to happen
happened it was a refreshing change
they've always been there on time always
have the right answer and everything's
gone extremely well so for me I mean
this this has been an A+ experience
you